doc/kernels.rst, before:

Kernels
=======
Defines integral kernels for the analytic continuation problem.  Specifically,
it defines two kernels:

 - `sparse_ir.KernelFFlat`: continuation of *fermionic* spectral functions.
 - `sparse_ir.KernelFFlat`: continuation of *bosonic* spectral functions.

These can be fed directly into `sparse_ir.IRBasis` or `sparse_ir.FiniteTempBasis`
to get the intermediate representation.

Predefined kernels
------------------

```{eval-rst}
.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.KernelFFlat
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.KernelBFlat
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__
```

Custom kernels
--------------
Adding kernels to `sparse_ir` is simple - at the very basic levle, the library
expects a kernel `K` to be able to provide two things:

 1. the values through `K(x, y)`
 2. a set of SVE discretization hints through `K.hints()`

Let us suppose you simply want to include a Gaussian default model on the real
axis instead of the default (flat) one.  We create a new kernel by inheriting
from `irbasis.kernel.KernelBase` and then simply wrap around a fermionic
kernel, modifying the values as needed:

    import sparse_ir
    import sparse_ir.kernel

    class KernelFGauss(sparse_ir.kernel.KernelBase):
        def __init__(self, lambda_, std):
            super().__init__(self)
            self._inner = sparse_ir.KernelFFlat(lambda_)
            self.lambda_ = lambda_
            self.std = std

        def __call__(self, x, y, x_plus=None, x_minus=None):
            # First, get value of kernel
            val = self._inner(x, y, x_plus, x_minus)
            # Then multiply with default model
            val *= np.exp(-.5 * (y / self.std)**2)
            return val

        def hints(self, eps):
            return self._inner.hints(eps)

You can feed this kernel now directly to `irbasis.IRBasis`:

    K = GaussFKernel(10., 1.)
    basis = sparse_ir.IRBasis(K, 'F')
    print(basis.s)

This should get you started.  For a fully-fledged and robust implementation,
you should:

 1. Make sure that your kernel does not lose precision in computing `K(x, y)`,
    as this directly affects the quality of the basis.  This is also where the
    arguments `x_plus` and `x_minus` may become useful.

 2. Optimize your discretization hints.  To do so, it is useful to choose the
    segments in `x` and `y` close to the asymptotic distribution of the roots
    of the respective singular functions.  The Gauss order can then be
    determined from a convergence analysis.

 3. Check whether your kernel is centrosymmetric, and if so, override the
    `is_centrosymmetric` property.  This yields a approximately four-times
    performance boost.  However, check that the symmetrized versions of the
    kernels do not lose precision.

Base classes
------------

```{eval-rst}
.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.KernelBase
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.ReducedKernel
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.SVEHints
    :members:
```

Commit message:

Move from markdown to rst.
This allows sphinx to work more smoothly.

doc/kernels.rst, after:

Kernels
=======
The IR basis is nothing but the `singular value expansion`_ of a suitable
integral kernel `K` mediating the change from real frequencies to imaginary
times:

    G(τ) = ∫ dω  K(τ, ω) ρ(ω)

Different kernels yield different IR basis functions.  The `sparse-ir` library
defines two kernels:

 - :class:`sparse_ir.KernelFFlat`: continuation of *fermionic* spectral functions.
 - :class:`sparse_ir.KernelBFlat`: continuation of *bosonic* spectral functions.

Kernels can be fed directly into :class:`sparse_ir.IRBasis` or
:class:`sparse_ir.FiniteTempBasis` to get the intermediate representation.

.. _singular value expansion: https://w.wiki/3poQ


Predefined kernels
------------------
.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.KernelFFlat
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.KernelBFlat
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__


Custom kernels
--------------
Adding kernels to `sparse_ir` is simple - at the very basic levle, the library
expects a kernel `K` to be able to provide two things:

 1. the values through `K(x, y)`
 2. a set of SVE discretization hints through `K.hints()`

Let us suppose you simply want to include a Gaussian default model on the real
axis instead of the default (flat) one.  We create a new kernel by inheriting
from `irbasis.kernel.KernelBase` and then simply wrap around a fermionic
kernel, modifying the values as needed::

    import sparse_ir
    import sparse_ir.kernel

    class KernelFGauss(sparse_ir.kernel.KernelBase):
        def __init__(self, lambda_, std):
            self._inner = sparse_ir.KernelFFlat(lambda_)
            self.lambda_ = lambda_
            self.std = std

        def __call__(self, x, y, x_plus=None, x_minus=None):
            # First, get value of kernel
            val = self._inner(x, y, x_plus, x_minus)
            # Then multiply with default model
            val *= np.exp(-.5 * (y / self.std)**2)
            return val

        def hints(self, eps):
            return self._inner.hints(eps)

You can feed this kernel now directly to `irbasis.IRBasis`::

    K = GaussFKernel(10., 1.)
    basis = sparse_ir.IRBasis(K, 'F')
    print(basis.s)

This should get you started.  For a fully-fledged and robust implementation,
you should:

 1. Make sure that your kernel does not lose precision in computing `K(x, y)`,
    as this directly affects the quality of the basis.  This is also where the
    arguments `x_plus` and `x_minus` may become useful.

 2. Optimize your discretization hints.  To do so, it is useful to choose the
    segments in `x` and `y` close to the asymptotic distribution of the roots
    of the respective singular functions.  The Gauss order can then be
    determined from a convergence analysis.

 3. Check whether your kernel is centrosymmetric, and if so, override the
    `is_centrosymmetric` property.  This yields a approximately four-times
    performance boost.  However, check that the symmetrized versions of the
    kernels do not lose precision.


Base classes
------------
.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.KernelBase
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.ReducedKernel
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__

.. autoclass:: sparse_ir.kernel.SVEHints
    :members:
